README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Dependencies installed

For the following project I have installed the following libraries.

- [Anime.js](https://animejs.com/) - learn about anime.js features.
- [Tailwind css](https://v2.tailwindcss.com/) - learn about tailwind css.
- [Ant Design Library](https://ant.design/) - learn about ant design

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Rationale

Using the SSR, we pre render all the components from the server side so that the client doesn't need to wait. The state of the data that is in the server gets hydrated so that it is synchronized with the client-side redux.
The

Commit message:

Implemented the entire filter feature

README.md, after:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Dependencies installed

For the following project I have installed the following libraries.

- [Anime.js](https://animejs.com/) - learn about anime.js features.
- [Tailwind css](https://v2.tailwindcss.com/) - learn about tailwind css.
- [Ant Design Library](https://ant.design/) - learn about ant design
- [Paparse](https://www.papaparse.com/) - for parsing csv files
- react-csv - for downloading files as csv
- [Moment](https://momentjs.com/) - for managing time related features

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Rationale

Using the SSR, we pre render all the components from the server side so that the client doesn't need to wait. The state of the data that is in the server gets hydrated so that it is synchronized with the client-side redux.
The features that have been implemented are as follows:
- SplashScreen with Anime.js
- A paginated Table of Vehicle information using ant design library
- Search functionality, Download to csv functionality, Sorting functionality
- Import and parse data functionality
- Favorite car and download functionality

# Import and Parse
For the import and parse, I found some online resources that describes that I can use Paparse to parse CSV data. Using basic array manipulation, I was able to check if the data was being imported correctly.

## References
- [Sorting](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/47998188/how-to-sort-an-object-alphabetically-within-an-array-in-react-js)
- [SSR](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WAMqFdCFotY&t=1s)
- [SSR with redux](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pstQ7xyg8p8)
- [Screen size conditional](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/46586165/react-conditionally-render-based-on-viewport-size)
